So in order for retrieving the data, if I just go to the long chain over here, you will see that there
are many different retrievers available.
I mean, yeah, this is the new thing as well.
We have to learn about retriever is an interface that returns a document given any unstructured query.
That's how it does.
And it is more general than a vector store.
A retriever does not need to be able to, uh, store a document only returns them and retrievers can
create can be created from vector store, but are also broad enough to include a Wikipedia search and
Amazon Kendra for that matter.
And retrievers accept string query as an input and returns a list of document as an output.
Look at that.
This retriever is what we really need for our operation, because we store our data in the vector data
store.
And now we are going to use this retriever as a streamlined interface to retrieve the data from our
data store.
When I say streamlined way of retrieving the data from the data store, because today we are using the
Chrome data store and tomorrow we may use fires, or tomorrow we may be using some other data stores.
So we wanted to still make sure that our existing code that we are trying to retrieve from the data
store still works, even though the the document store changes.
So that's the reason why we need to use this retriever, because retriever will let us retrieve the
data regardless of whatever vector stores that we use.
The retriever is going to work with the same way, like how it used to work, because all the data store
implements this retriever interface, and it will ensure that there is a smooth transitioning of our
data retrieval process.
And that is why this retriever is so important.
And you can see that there are many different, uh, documents available.
Again, they have given some details over here, like some Amazon Knowledge Base retriever, Azure AI
search retriever, Elasticsearch Retrievers.
These are something which is also available over here, but we are going to use the retriever that we
are going to, um, need to for retrieving our database data as well.
So let's see how we could able to achieve that.
It's very straightforward as well.
So I'm going to go here and I'm going to go to the markdown.
And over here I'm just going to say eight.
Um is it 8 or 7.
Just see uh this is five.
So maybe this is six I'm sorry.
Uh, six and retrievers, uh, in uh, long chain.
And I'm going to hit like that and put the code over here, and I'm going to write the retriever.
Uh, so retriever is going to be I'm going to use our vector store.
And within this vector store we have got this method called as as retriever.
Look at that.
This is pretty cool.
And now with this we are going to change our vector store to retrieve the data using this retrieval
format.
And I'm going to set two properties in here.
One is the search type which is going to be similarity.
And the next one we're going to set is the search keyword, which is the arguments that we have to pass
a args.
And I'm going to set the keywords as k which is equal to 1 or 3 or whatever that you wanted to do.
We can do that over here.
So yeah, whichever is the thing that we wanted to go with I can do that over here.
So let me just set one for now, because I can just show you how the response is going to look like.
So this is pretty much exactly the same thing that we did over here.
As you can see.
Like k is equal three.
And this is the similarity search.
This is the same thing that I'm doing, but I'm setting it in the retriever this time.
And now I can just say retriever dot.
And there is this, a batch method where we can get all the documents in one single shot.
So this is, as I told you, the retriever is going to retrieve the data from the vector database.
We are going to use this.
So I'm going to say what is the bias measurement.
Look at that.
I'm just going to ask this question.
And I'm also going to say how to test human safety against LM.
So how to test human safety.
Uh, against uh LM.
And I'm also going to ask probably um, maybe just this testing and evaluation, uh, document.
Sorry, not the LM forgetting how LM forgets the context.
So I'm going to ask three types of question over here.
And I'm going to run this retriever logic over here.
So let's see what is going to happen while we get this particular response over here.
So because I'm setting like one as the k is equal to one, you will notice that I'm going to get the
response over here.
And look at that.
It says LM forgetting dot pdf.
I think the first one is going to be um, this this particular answer is going to be from LM forgetting
that PDF over here, and it's going to give you some response for that.
And then there is this how to test a human safety, which is coming from our, uh, from our, our testing
and evaluation lm, pdf, uh document.
And there is this testing and evaluation PDF document for these third one as well.
And the second one as well.
So, so yeah, these are all just being retrieved based on the questions that we are asking.
So it is working as expected which is pretty cool.
This is how we can see that not only just by using the vector store or similarity search, or using
the similarity search value that you are going to be using over here can get the data, but retrieval
is the actual interface, which is going to be used by all the different, uh, data stores or vector
data stores.
We need to use this retriever for our retrieval operation.
And that is exactly what we are going to be doing in our next lecture while we are trying to use, uh,
what is called as a manual retrieval of the data from this particular retriever.
And once again, in order for us to retrieve the data, we are going to be using two approaches, and
I will show you what those approaches are in our upcoming lectures, but you'll understand how awesome
it is.
Now we are going to start querying our large language model with the context of information that we
have got in the vector store.